[TW-1225] Split importing and exporting (#4944)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting/importing-data.md

    > You can also paste cURL commands into a request's URL field.

## Importing Postman data

You can import Postman data you exported earlier, including collections, environments, data dumps, and globals.

1. Select **Import** in the left navigation menu.
1. Do one of the following:
    * Select your file or folder, or drag it into the **Import** modal.
    * Paste your raw text or URL into the input field.
    * Select a button to import from a [GitHub](/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting/importing-from-git/#importing-from-github-repositories), [Bitbucket](/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting/importing-from-git/#importing-from-bitbucket-repositories), or [GitLab](/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting/importing-from-git/#importing-from-gitlab-repositories) code repository.
    * Select **Other Sources** to import an [Azure](/docs/getting-started/importing-and-exporting/importing-from-git/#importing-from-azure-devops-repositories) code repository, or to [import an API from Amazon API Gateway or Azure API Management](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/importing-an-api/).

>     Postman will automatically recognize Postman data, confirming the name, format, and what the file will import as.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Postman will automatically recognize Postman data, confirming the name, format, and type.
```

   ![Import collection and environment](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/import-elements-v10.jpg)

1. If you are importing multiple files, select the files you want to import and select **Import** to bring your data into Postman.

    > If you are importing a single file, Postman automatically imports it when you select it.

### Converting Postman collections from v1 to v2

Postman no longer supports the collection v1 format and will return an error if you import a collection in this format. You can convert your collection's format from v1 to v2 to import it into Postman.

To convert your collection's format from v1 to v2, do the following:

1. In the terminal of your choice, enter the following command to install the Postman Collection Transformer.

   ```bash
   sudo npm install -g postman-collection-transformer
   ```

> 1. Convert an individual Postman Collection from v1 to v2 by entering this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Convert an individual Postman collection from v1 to v2 by entering this command:
```

   ```bash
   postman-collection-transformer convert -i <path to the input Postman Collection file> -o <path to the downloaded Postman file> -j 1.0.0 -p 2.0.0 -P
   ```

The resulting collection will download to your target file path in v2 format.

> You can retrieve a list of convert options by running the command with the ``-h`` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve a list of convert options by running the command with the `-h` flag:
```
